potential spoiler alert the following
recap is for the 1990 two-part
television special it the 2017 film it
may follow similar plot points to the
events in this recap you have been
warned
[Music]
in Derry Maine 1960 a young boy named
Georgie is lured to a storm drain by a
strange yet seemingly kind man dressed
in a clown costume named penny wise
penny wise reveals his malevolent nature
and rips Georgie's arm off killing him
Georgie's older brother Bill and six
other outcasts children who form a group
called the losers Club discovered they
are all being tormented by the same
mysterious clown the group consists of
the overweight and intelligent Ben
asthmatic Eddie who lives with his
overbearing mother Beverly who lives
with her abusive father the comical
Richie Jewish Boy Scout Stanley and
african-american outcast Mike in turn
all of them are tormented by a gang of
local bullies led by Henry Bowers the
losers theorized that Pennywise is not
just a deranged man in costume but is an
alien creature that surfaces every 30
years in Derry to murder children they
dub him it to avenge Georgie and others
killed by it
the losers venture into the sewers where
the clown lurks they are followed by
Henry and his friends Victor and belch
who threatens Stan only for its to kill
Victor and belch but spares the
terrified Henry whose hair turns white
it catches up to the losers and grabs
Stan bragging that he is immortal and
eats children guessing its powers are
based on imagination
the losers fight back using the same
power melting Pennywise is faced with
imaginary battery acid and Beverly
smashes a hole in his head using a
silver projectile Pennywise escapes
wounded and the seven make a promise to
return and kill him should it resurface
Henry is arrested and institutionalized
when he falsely confesses to murdering
his friends and the other children
killed by it in 1990 Mike a librarian
still living in Derry hears of the
mysterious death of a girl named Laurie
in her backyard suggesting Pennywise has
resumed murdering children Mike summons
his six friends back to Derry to fulfill
their vow
bill has become a horror novelist
married to actress Audra Phillips then
is an architect beverly is a fashion
designer in abusive relationship with
Tom Rogan Richie is a late-night TV 2
Eddie runs a limousine service but still
lives with his mother and Stan is a real
estate broker while five of them agreed
to come Stan commits suicide in his
bathtub and writes it on the wall in
blood the remaining six are individually
harassed by Pennywise before reuniting
for dinner though Pennywise frightens
them there too they learn of Stan's
suicide shortly after elsewhere and
older Henry visited by penny wise who
sends him to Derry to kill the losers
Audra also arrives in town but falls
victim to its paralyzing deadlights
and falls into a catatonic state Henry
wounds Mike but is killed by his own
knife during a scuffle with the other
losers with Mike hospitalized the five
remaining losers decide to destroy it
for good they descend into the sewers
once again encountering it in the form
of Georgie they'll overcome the illusion
the losers confront it in its lair who
now appears as a monstrous spider Eddie
is killed by hit but Beverly mortally
wounds it with her slingshot and the
losers tear the spider apart they
removed the comatose Audra and Eddie's
body from the sewers burying him in
derry Cemetery the losers go their
separate ways
free from its torment forever Ritchie is
cast in a film Beverly and then get
married and are expecting their first
child and a micro cover bill manages to
coax Audra utter for catatonia by going
on a ride on his childhood bicycle which
had once freed a young Stan from his
fear with it gone the losers can move on
with their lives and leave Gary behind
[Music]